The Great Barrier Reef is the largest living structure on Earth.
The human brain is the most complex object in the universe.
The longest river in the world is the Nile River in Africa.
The world’s largest desert is the Sahara Desert in North Africa.
The tallest mountain in the world is Mount Everest in the Himalayas.
The world’s deepest ocean trench is the Mariana Trench in the Pacific Ocean.
The planet Mars has the largest volcano in our solar system.
The world’s largest cave system is in Vietnam.
The sun is a star.
The Earth is the third planet from the sun.
The moon is the Earth's only natural satellite.
The human body is made up of approximately 60% water.
The fastest land animal is the cheetah, reaching speeds of up to 70 mph.
The tallest animal in the world is the giraffe, reaching up to 18 feet.
The Great Barrier Reef in Australia is the world's largest coral reef system.
The Amazon Rainforest is the largest tropical rainforest in the world.
The Sahara Desert is the largest hot desert in the world.
The world's largest mountain range is the Andes in South America.
The world's largest ocean is the Pacific Ocean.
The Eiffel Tower in Paris, France, is 1,063 feet tall.
The Great Wall of China is over 13,000 miles long.
The world's highest waterfall is Angel Falls in Venezuela, which is 3,212 feet tall.
The smallest country in the world is Vatican City, which is only 0.17 square miles.
The largest country in the world is Russia, which covers over 6.6 million square miles.
The United States is the third largest country in the world, covering over 3.8 million square miles.
The Nile River is the longest river in the world, stretching over 4,100 miles.
Mount Everest is the highest mountain in the world, standing at 29,029 feet.
The Dead Sea is the lowest point on Earth, over 1,300 feet below sea level.
The world's oldest university is the University of Bologna in Italy, founded in 1088.
The first recorded Olympic Games were held in Ancient Greece in 776 BC.
The world's first photograph was taken by Joseph Nicéphore Niépce in 1826.
The first successful airplane flight was by the Wright brothers in 1903.
The first computer was created in the 1940s.
The first smartphone was introduced in 1992.
The world's first commercial television broadcast was in the United States in 1928.
The first musical recording was made in 1877 by Thomas Edison.
The first car was invented in 1885 by Karl Benz.